README.md, before:

# MyWebsite

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Firebase implementation and general updates (#33)
* :sparkles: Enhancement of headers

* :sparkles: Portefolio update

* :sparkles: Update resume

* :wrench: updates manifest.json

* :wrench: Install Firebase

* :mag: Changes meta-title and meta-description

README.md, after:

# MyWebsite

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.1, and then migrated to Angular 15.

# Setup

- Download and install Node.js from https://nodejs.org/en/download/
- Run `npm install -g @angular/cli` to install Angular CLI
- Run `npm install` to install all dependencies
- Copy `src/environments/environment.dist.ts` to `src/environments/environment.ts` and fill in the missing values

## Development server

- Run `ng serve` to start the development server
- Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` to view the website
- The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
